Unfortunately, due to lack of interest of maintaining this project (the
KISS original author disappeared for the second time, I got a day job,
and I don't really agree with the direction taken by "the new
management"), Wyverkiss and its associated projects are no longer under
development of any kind.

Wyverkiss was originally a realisation of a personal "what-if"
situation. I've always been fascinated with how an operating system is
built. I used Gentoo at first, learning about GCC, compiler flags, and
so on and built an LFS system to manually build everything, and finally,
after seeing Clang and other alternative compilers which the BSDs use,
try to see if Clang (at that time, version 3.8) is good enough to build
almost everything in the Linux land (it wasn't). This fascination
somewhat waned with me graduating from high school and entering college.
My interest renewed in 2019, when I had to write my bachelor's thesis.
A lot of package managers are too complicated or ugly, so when Dylan
came in with KISS package manager and format, I hopped on since it's
simple enough and has a pretty good format. The progress in 4 years
finally saw that the LLVM suite is good enough to be one of the core
components of a Linux system. Curiosity satisfied, and it's good enough
for my personal use.

However, maintaining a whole distribution is a different ballpark, you
have to keep it updated, build some infrastructure, and if you want to
make it general-purpose, consider the common and somewhat uncommon use
cases, and you need to have a good network, which I don't have any.
Therefore, I decided to abandon this project.

If you like to see a general-purpose Linux distribution with an
alternative toolchain (including LLVM, musl, etc.), you can check out
Chimera Linux [1], I personally regard the author as trustworthy and
resourceful. and is not overly "militant" to sacrifice practicality. If
you need a KISS Linux-like experience, you can try Glasnost Linux [2].

This repository is now archived.

[1] https://chimera-linux.org
[2] https://www.glasnost.org

------------------------------------------------------------------------

\  /\  /
 \/  \/yverkiss
________________________________________________________________________

Wyverkiss is an alternative rootfs for KISS Linux. If KISS goes GNU, we
go the opposite.

Wyverkiss (unlike Wyvertux) is supposed to closely track KISS Linux as
much as possible. It means the Wyverkiss repo will only be used as an
"overlay" for KISS Linux to work outside the GNU toolchain ecosystem
(except for a select few programs that will be needed). The changes made
in Wyverkiss will be upstreamed if possible.

Ideally, this repository should be almost empty or unneeded at all. But
that would be highly unrealistic.


Changes
________________________________________________________________________

This table contains a summary of GNU programs replaced by its
equivalents. However, it is not an exhaustive list, and some GNU
programs mentioned may still be included in a separate repository, gnu/.

  +------------------+---------------+
  | Original package |  Replacement  |
  +------------------+---------------+
  | GNU gcc/g++      | Clang{,++}    |
  | GNU libstdc++    | libc++        |
  | GNU make         | bmake         |
  | GNU binutils     | LLVM binutils |
  | GNU bison        | byacc         |
  +------------------+---------------+


Disclaimer
________________________________________________________________________

Wyverkiss is not officially supported by KISS Linux.
Use at your own risk. Support for certain packages are not guaranteed.
